[Python] Add new concept exercise : numbers (#2875)
exercism/v3: languages/python/exercises/concept/currency-exchange/.docs/introduction.md

## Numbers

> There are three different kinds of built-in numbers: integers, floating-point, and complex. In this exercise you will only be dealing with ints and floats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three different kinds of built-in numbers in Python : `ints`, `floats`, and `complex`. However, in this exercise you'll be dealing only with `ints` and `floats`.
```

### ints

`ints` are whole numbers. e.g. `1234`, `-10`, `20201278`.

### floats

> `floats` are numbers containing a decimal point. e.g. `0.0`,`3.14`,`-9.01`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`floats` are numbers containing a decimal point. e.g. `0.0`,`3.14`,`-9.01`.  Floats in Python are of [_arbitrary precision_][arbitrary-precision].
```

Reviewer 2: I'm on it! Thanks for your reviews.

You can see more detail the following resources:

> - [Python numeric type documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#typesnumeric)
> - [Documentation for `int()` built in](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#int)
> - [Documentation for `float()` built in](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#float)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Python numeric type documentation][numeric-type-docs]
- [Documentation for `int()` built in][`int()` built in]
- [Documentation for `float()` built in][`float()` built in]
```

Reviewer: For some reason, I am unable to add the reflinks to the bottom of this file a suggestion...so I am going to list them in this comment.  The reflinks below need to be added to the bottom of this document.  This is to replace the in-document links, which are harder to read and maintain.

[arbitrary-precision]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arbitrary-precision_arithmetic#:~:text=In%20computer%20science%2C%20arbitrary%2Dprecision,memory%20of%20the%20host%20system.
[numeric-type-docs]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#typesnumeric
[`int()` built in]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#int
[`float()` built in]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#float

## Arithmetic

Python fully supports arithmetic between `ints` and `floats`. It will convert narrower numbers to match their less narrow counterparts when used with the binary arithmetic operators (`+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `//`, and `%`). When division with `/`, `//` returns the quotient and `%` returns the remainder.

Python considers `ints` narrower than `floats`. So, using a float in an expression ensures the result will be a float too. However, when doing division, the result will always be a float, even if only integers are used.

```python
#the int is widened to a float here, and a float is returned
>>> 3 + 4.0
7.0
>>> 3 * 4.0
12.0
>>> 3 - 2.0
1.0
#division always returns a float
>>> 6 / 2
3.0
>>> 7 / 4
1.75
```

If an int result is needed, you can use `//` to truncate the result.

```python
>>> 6 // 2
3
>>> 7 // 4
1
```

To convert a float to an integer, you can use `int()`. Also, to convert an integer to a float, you can use `float()`.

```python
>>> int(6 / 2)
3
>>> float(1 + 2)
3.0

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[arbitrary-precision]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arbitrary-precision_arithmetic#:~:text=In%20computer%20science%2C%20arbitrary%2Dprecision,memory%20of%20the%20host%20system.
[numeric-type-docs]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#typesnumeric
[`int()` built in]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#int
[`float()` built in]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#float

```

## Numbers

There are three different kinds of built-in numbers in Python : `ints`, `floats`, and `complex`. However, in this exercise you'll be dealing only with `ints` and `floats`.

### ints

`ints` are whole numbers. e.g. `1234`, `-10`, `20201278`.

### floats

`floats` are numbers containing a decimal point. e.g. `0.0`,`3.14`,`-9.01`. Floats in Python are of [_arbitrary precision_][arbitrary-precision].

> You can see more detail the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see more details in the following resources:
```

- [Python numeric type documentation][numeric-type-docs]
- [Documentation for `int()` built in][`int()` built in]
- [Documentation for `float()` built in][`float()` built in]

## Arithmetic

Python fully supports arithmetic between `ints` and `floats`. It will convert narrower numbers to match their less narrow counterparts when used with the binary arithmetic operators (`+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `//`, and `%`). When division with `/`, `//` returns the quotient and `%` returns the remainder.

Python considers `ints` narrower than `floats`. So, using a float in an expression ensures the result will be a float too. However, when doing division, the result will always be a float, even if only integers are used.

```python

> #the int is widened to a float here, and a float is returned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The int is widened to a float here, and a float type is returned.
```

>>> 3 + 4.0
7.0
>>> 3 * 4.0
12.0
>>> 3 - 2.0
1.0

> #division always returns a float

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Division always returns a float.
```

>>> 6 / 2
3.0
>>> 7 / 4
1.75

> #calculating remainders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Calculating remainders.
```

3.0
>>> 7 / 4
1.75
#calculating remainders
>>> 7 % 4
3
>>> 2 % 4
2

> >>> 12.75 & 3

Reviewer 3: Change '&' -> '%'

> >>> 12.75 & 3

Reviewer 3: Change '&' -> '%'
